On 24/01/14 13:03, "lrec@lrec-conf.org" <lrec@lrec-conf.org> wrote:

Dear Przemyslaw Lenkiewicz:

We are pleased to inform you that the following submission has been
accepted for a Poster + Demo presentation at the 9th  International
Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation:

     The DWAN framework: Application of a web annotation
           framework for the general humanities to the domain of
           language resources

Following the advice of reviewers, the LREC2014 Programme Committee
suggests that you run a demonstration during your Poster presentation.
Please let us know if you accept this suggestion and do intend to present
a demo alongside the Poster sending an email to this address
(lrec@lrec-conf.org).

Please inform your co-author(s), if any. Each submission has been
reviewed by three reviewers; please find attached their comments, if any.

Poster Sessions will be placed in parallel to Oral Sessions and therefore
their length varies accordingly: during the session you will have the
opportunity to describe your work and interact with interested conference
participants. We request that you be at your Poster Session for the
entire time slot. Further details for poster presenters will be detailed
on the conference web site at due time.

Regarding technical details and requests of your Demo, please contact
Sara Goggi at the following email address: lrec@ilc.cnr.it.


The conditions for your participation in a Poster Session at LREC are the
following:

1) you confirm your participation by registering for LREC by March 15,
2014 which is also the deadline for early registration with reduced fee
(at least ONE author of the paper MUST register);
AND
2) you submit the final version of your paper by March 22, 2014 (FIRM
deadline) in compliance with the "Authors' Kit" which is available on the
LREC 2014 web site
(http://lrec2014.lrec-conf.org/en/submission/authors-kit/) and contains
the Style sheet and the length for papers to appear in the Proceedings.

You can upload your final manuscript at the following site:

     https://www.softconf.com/lrec2014/main/

You will be prompted to login to your START account and thus access to
your User Console: from here please choose "Your current Submission(s)"
for accessing the list of your submission(s). Click on this submission id
for submitting the final full paper.

In case you need it, this is the passcode associated with your submission:
    
1053X-H3H6A7B9C5

We would like to remind you that there is no quality difference between
Oral and Poster presentations and there will be no difference between
them in the Proceedings.  The choice of style of presentation of your
paper was made based on what would be the most informative and effective
way to communicate the scientific contents of your presentation. There
will be Chairpersons both for oral and poster sessions.

We remind you that you can update/revise the data for the LRE Map on the
submission page and invite you to contribute to the "Share your LRs!"
initiative as well.

Online registration and hotel booking, conference details and local
information about Reykjavik will be soon available at the LREC 2014
website (http://lrec2014.lrec-conf.org/en/).

If your organization requires you to have an official letter of
acceptance from the LREC2014 Programme Committee in order to make
arrangements to attend the conference, please request such a letter from
the Conference Chair at: lrec@ilc.cnr.it.

If you require an official letter of invitation from the local organizer
(e.g. to obtain a visa), you have the possibility of requesting such a
letter via the registration tool which will be available by mid-February
on the Conference web site.

We would like to thank you for your participation in LREC and look
forward to your presentation at the conference.

Best regards,
LREC2014 Programme Committee


==========================================================================
==
LREC 2014  Reviews for Submission #1053
==========================================================================
==

Title: The DWAN framework: Application of a web annotation framework for
the general humanities to the domain of language resources

Authors: Przemyslaw Lenkiewicz, Olha Shkaravska, Twan Goosen, Daan
Broeder, Menzo Windhouwer, Stephanie Roth and Olof Olsson
==========================================================================
==
                            REVIEWER #1
==========================================================================
==


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-
Comments
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-

The paper briefly describes an annotation framework that may be used to
integrate or to extend existing annotation tools. It additionally presents
results of interviews of linguistic researchers regarding their
requirements
for annotation software. The architecture of the system, relying on an
object
oriented data model of users, annotators and annotation objects, is only
very
briefly described. What I also miss are references to the literature,
especially, to related web-based tools that also come along with object
oriented data models. In this sense, the Related Work part of the paper is
definitely too short. Though I am sure that the MPI has very nice and
important
tools what regards linguistic annotation, I suspect that this is the only
source for such software. Finally, the interviews are summarized in a
post-hoc
manner. Seemingly, the architecture has been developed first and only
later, it
has been justified by the results of the interview (page 3: "These
requirements
are well in line with the specification of DWAN framework."). In contrast
to
this, one should start from a requirements analysis before one starts with
coding. Is there a justification why this order has been changed?

==========================================================================
==
                            REVIEWER #2
==========================================================================
==


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-
Comments
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-

The abstract presents DWAN, a collaborative annotation environment that
leverages existing technology, such as the Wired-Marker Firefox extension
for
in-browser annotation. DWAN adds server-side functionality to enable
collaboration, functionality that is reachable via a REST API.

Beside supporting collaboration, the server-based approach also provides
data
persistence, protecting the annotation metadata from changes to the
original
content, and assisting with migrating the annotaiton to the new version,
when
such changes occur.

This work is clearly of high relevance to the research community and the
DWAN
annotation framework is of great practical use.

The English used in the paper is of a very high standard. The references
are
fine, though there are a a few more systems that could be used for
comparison,
e.g. BRAT (http://brat.nlplab.org/), or GATE Teamware
(http://gate.ac.uk/teamware/), to name just two.

==========================================================================
==
                            REVIEWER #3
==========================================================================
==


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-
Comments
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
-

The paper describes an annotation framework roughly compatible with the
open
annotation framework, exposing REST API and offering a history/version
support.
One note on the section "Introduction": i would change sentence to "who
is not
NECESSARILY the owner.."
I suggest to add more references. I don't know if the authors cut them
from the
ext abstract, but they were not counted in the limit, and from this
shorter
version it is not clear if proper reference is made to state of the art.
As the authors are putting the accent on the framework more than client
solutions, they may want to cite this:

Manuel Fiorelli, Maria Teresa Pazienza and Armando Stellato A
Comprehensive
Framework for Semantic Annotation of Web Content, International
Conference on
Knowledge Engineering and Ontology Development (KEOD 2013), Vilamoura,
Algarve,
Portugal, September, 19-22, 2013

Also, the authors cite the open annotation data model, so why didn't they
opted
for a direct RDF storage?
It is not clear also how complex the annotations can be. We only know
there are
annotations, we know there is metadata, but don't know how much of the
open
annotation format is being covered. Does the framework annotation schema
allows
for a span or are these only global annotations on a document? (guess the
former from sections 3.1/3.2, but better to make it clear in the
appropriate
sections than hinting at it later). Are multispanned annotations
representable?

I suggest to take these specifications into consideration in case the
paper is
accepted for publication

